[DOCS] Adds ES|QL and Pandas section to the Integrations section (#2585)
elastic/elasticsearch-py: docs/guide/integrations.asciidoc

{ "index": {}}
{"birth_date":"1953-04-21T00:00:00Z","emp_no":"10100","first_name":"Hironobu","gender":"F","hire_date":"1987-09-21T00:00:00Z","languages":"4","last_name":"Haraldson","salary":"68431","height":"1.77","still_hired":"true","avg_worked_seconds":"223910853","job_positions":"Purchase Manager","is_rehired":["false","true","true","false"],"salary_change":["13.97","-7.49"]}
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:TBD]
====

[discrete]
[[convert-dataset-pandas-dataframe]]
==== Convert the dataset

Use the ES|QL CSV import to convert the `employees` dataset to a Pandas
dataframe object. 

[source,python]
------------------------------------
from io import StringIO

from elasticsearch import Elasticsearch
import pandas as pd

client = Elasticsearch(
    "https://[host].elastic-cloud.com",
    api_key="...",
)

response = client.esql.query(
    query="FROM employees | LIMIT 500",
    format="csv",
)
df = pd.read_csv(StringIO(response.body))
print(df)
------------------------------------

> However, the dataset only contains 100 records a LIMIT command is usesd to avoid
> getting ES|QL warnings about potentially missing records. This prints the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though the dataset contains only 100 records, a LIMIT of 500 is specified to prevent
ES|QL warnings about potentially missing records. This prints the
```

Reviewer: (or at least I *think* this is what this sentence is saying)
